why i speak at conferences for free now
when i used to charge over fifty
thousand dollars i used to charge fifty
thousand dollars for our speech within
the united states literally only a one
hour speech plus i'd make them pay for
travel like flights and hotels
internationally i charge a hundred
thousand dollars for our speech on top
of that all conferences pay for my
accommodations food travel hotel first
class flights sometimes even private
planes to top it off i used to do around
25 to 30 paid speaking gigs a year
before kovit and i still get a lot of
requests even today the number actually
hasn't dropped it's gone up recently but
can you guess how many speaking gigs i
charge for today
well
i charge here and there but i learned
that making money from being a public
speaker isn't bad but it's not the best
way to make money
see
some of the best events in the world
have speakers like elon musk and bill
gates and you can bet that they really
don't care for money for speaking sure i
may charge 50 or 100 grand they can
probably command half a million a
million dollars but they're so rich they
don't care for a half a million or a
million dollars it doesn't really move
the needle for them
but here's the thing the events that
these billionaires and these well-known
entrepreneurs speak at like elon musk
and bill gates they bring in a audience
that typically has a higher net worth
so i started to apply for speaking spots
at these particular events some of them
were already requesting that i speak
they just wouldn't pay me in the past
and they wouldn't offer speaking fees
some of them would pay for travel and
flights someone wouldn't even pay for
that but i'm like nah why would i speak
there i'm getting paid at these other
events
but what i learned is by speaking at
these events that people like bill gates
and elon musk are invited to and of
course i'm not getting a premier stage
like they are but still when i speak at
these events the amount of business that
i close
skyrocketed while before i was just
focused on events that would pay me the
most amount of money the majority of
time i would walk away from those events
while still getting some good branding
but i would rarely close revenue and
when i closed revenue it wasn't as much
now i don't get as much to speak when i
go to these events
and in many cases i get paid literally
nothing
but the business that i'm closing from
these events
far exceed what i'm generating from the
speaking revenue the big lesson i
learned is
don't be short-sighted yes there are
many ways to make money but don't focus
on what's short run instead focus on
what's better for you in the long run
and what's more sustainable for your
business see i wish i realized this 10
plus years ago when i started speaking
and i started speaking for money but
it's too late to turn back the clock
hopefully you don't make the same
mistake as i did and if you want to
avoid other marketing mistakes check out
my ad agency np digital where we help
companies like yours grow and if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
people about it and if you have any
questions leave a comment below